Update open-ai-quickstart.md (#114377)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/open-ai-quickstart.md

    aks-nodepool1-31469198-vmss000001   Ready    agent   3h29m   v1.25.6
    aks-nodepool1-31469198-vmss000002   Ready    agent   3h29m   v1.25.6
    ```
   
> [!NOTE]

> > For private clusters, the nodes might be unreachable if you try to connect to them through the public IP address. In order to fix this, you need to create an end-point within the same VNET as the cluster to connect from. Follow the instructions to [Create a private AKS cluster] and connect to it.

Reviewer: replace end-point with endpoint. Suggest rewording last sentence to - Follow the instructions to [Create a private AKS cluster] and then connect to it.

> > For private clusters, the nodes might be unreachable if you try to connect to them through the public IP address. In order to fix this, you need to create an end-point within the same VNET as the cluster to connect from. Follow the instructions to [Create a private AKS cluster] and connect to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For private clusters, the nodes might be unreachable if you try to connect to them through the public IP address. In order to fix this, you need to create an endpoint within the same VNET as the cluster to connect from. Follow the instructions to [Create a private AKS cluster] and then connect to it.
```

    aks-nodepool1-31469198-vmss000001   Ready    agent   3h29m   v1.25.6
    aks-nodepool1-31469198-vmss000002   Ready    agent   3h29m   v1.25.6
    ```
   
> [!NOTE]

> > For private clusters, the nodes might be unreachable if you try to connect to them through the public IP address. In order to fix this, you need to create an endpoint within the same VNET as the cluster to connect from. Follow the instructions to [Create a private AKS cluster] and then connect to it.

Reviewer: You need to complete the config for the relative link so it will resolve (This is called a reference-style link). To do this, you need to change this to the following:

"[Create a private AKS cluster][create-private-aks-cluster] and then connect to it."

And then on line 426, change it to - 

"[create-private-aks-cluster]: private-clusters.md"

**Note:** Remove double-quotes - necessary to avoid it being interpreted literally and not displaying correctly in my comment.

[managed-identity]: /azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/managed-identity#authorize-access-to-managed-identities

> [Create a private AKS cluster]: private-clusters.md?tabs=azure-portal#options-for-connecting-to-the-private-cluster

Reviewer: You can remove the other parameters after the name of the article - just keep private.cluster.md and strip off the tail.

> [Create a private AKS cluster]: private-clusters.md?tabs=azure-portal#options-for-connecting-to-the-private-cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Create a private AKS cluster]: private-clusters.md
```

> [Create a private AKS cluster]: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/private-clusters?tabs=azure-portal#options-for-connecting-to-the-private-cluster

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Create a private AKS cluster]: private-clusters.md?tabs=azure-portal#options-for-connecting-to-the-private-cluster
```
